README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bchiang7/v4/main/src/images/logo.png" width="100" />
</div>
<h1 align="center">
  brittanychiang.com - v4
</h1>
<p align="center">
  The fourth iteration of <a href="https://brittanychiang.com" target="_blank">brittanychiang.com</a> built with <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/" target="_blank">Gatsby</a> and hosted with <a href="https://www.netlify.com/" target="_blank">Netlify</a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  Previous iterations:
  <a href="https://github.com/bchiang7/v1" target="_blank">v1</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/bchiang7/v2" target="_blank">v2</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/bchiang7/bchiang7.github.io" target="_blank">v3</a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://app.netlify.com/sites/brittanychiang/deploys" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/1963b488-7b78-48c9-9e2d-6fb5e47ab3af/deploy-status" alt="Netlify Status" />
  </a>
</p>

![demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bchiang7/v4/main/src/images/demo.png)

## 🚨 Forking this repo (please read!)

Many people have contacted me asking me if they can use this code for their own website, and the answer to that question is usually **yes, with attribution**.

I value keeping my site open source, but as you all know, _**plagiarism is bad**_. It's always disheartening whenever I find that someone has copied my site without giving me credit. I spent a non-trivial amount of effort building and designing this iteration of my website, and I am proud of it! All I ask of you all is to not claim this effort as your own.

Please also note that I did not build this site with the intention of it being a starter theme, so if you have questions about implementation, please refer to the [Gatsby docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/).

### TL;DR

Yes, you can fork this repo. Please give me proper credit by linking back to [brittanychiang.com](https://brittanychiang.com). Thanks!

## 🛠 Installation & Set Up

1. Install the Gatsby CLI

   ```sh
   npm install -g gatsby-cli
   ```

2. Install and use the correct version of Node using [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

   ```sh
   nvm install
   ```

3. Install dependencies

   ```sh
   yarn
   ```

4. Start the development server

   ```sh
   npm start
   ```

## 🚀 Building and Running for Production

1. Generate a full static production build

   ```sh
   npm run build
   ```

1. Preview the site as it will appear once deployed

   ```sh
   npm run serve
   ```

1. Start with pm2

   ```
   pm2 --name SOME_NAME start npm -- run serve
   ```

## 🎨 Color Reference

| Color          | Hex                                                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Navy           | ![#0a192f](https://via.placeholder.com/10/0a192f?text=+) `#0a192f` |
| Light Navy     | ![#112240](https://via.placeholder.com/10/0a192f?text=+) `#112240` |
| Lightest Navy  | ![#233554](https://via.placeholder.com/10/303C55?text=+) `#233554` |
| Slate          | ![#8892b0](https://via.placeholder.com/10/8892b0?text=+) `#8892b0` |
| Light Slate    | ![#a8b2d1](https://via.placeholder.com/10/a8b2d1?text=+) `#a8b2d1` |
| Lightest Slate | ![#ccd6f6](https://via.placeholder.com/10/ccd6f6?text=+) `#ccd6f6` |
| White          | ![#e6f1ff](https://via.placeholder.com/10/e6f1ff?text=+) `#e6f1ff` |
| Green          | ![#64ffda](https://via.placeholder.com/10/64ffda?text=+) `#64ffda` |

Commit message:

adding how to install pm2 link

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bchiang7/v4/main/src/images/logo.png" width="100" />
</div>
<h1 align="center">
  brittanychiang.com - v4
</h1>
<p align="center">
  The fourth iteration of <a href="https://brittanychiang.com" target="_blank">brittanychiang.com</a> built with <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/" target="_blank">Gatsby</a> and hosted with <a href="https://www.netlify.com/" target="_blank">Netlify</a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  Previous iterations:
  <a href="https://github.com/bchiang7/v1" target="_blank">v1</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/bchiang7/v2" target="_blank">v2</a>,
  <a href="https://github.com/bchiang7/bchiang7.github.io" target="_blank">v3</a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://app.netlify.com/sites/brittanychiang/deploys" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/1963b488-7b78-48c9-9e2d-6fb5e47ab3af/deploy-status" alt="Netlify Status" />
  </a>
</p>

![demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bchiang7/v4/main/src/images/demo.png)

## 🚨 Forking this repo (please read!)

Many people have contacted me asking me if they can use this code for their own website, and the answer to that question is usually **yes, with attribution**.

I value keeping my site open source, but as you all know, _**plagiarism is bad**_. It's always disheartening whenever I find that someone has copied my site without giving me credit. I spent a non-trivial amount of effort building and designing this iteration of my website, and I am proud of it! All I ask of you all is to not claim this effort as your own.

Please also note that I did not build this site with the intention of it being a starter theme, so if you have questions about implementation, please refer to the [Gatsby docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/).

### TL;DR

Yes, you can fork this repo. Please give me proper credit by linking back to [brittanychiang.com](https://brittanychiang.com). Thanks!

## 🛠 Installation & Set Up

1. Install the Gatsby CLI

   ```sh
   npm install -g gatsby-cli
   ```

2. Install and use the correct version of Node using [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

   ```sh
   nvm install
   ```

3. Install dependencies

   ```sh
   yarn
   ```

4. Start the development server

   ```sh
   npm start
   ```

## 🚀 Building and Running for Production

1. Generate a full static production build

   ```sh
   npm run build
   ```

1. Preview the site as it will appear once deployed

   ```sh
   npm run serve
   ```

1. Start with pm2. Make sure you have pm2 installed. [How to install pm2](https://medium.com/idomongodb/how-to-npm-run-start-at-the-background-%EF%B8%8F-64ddda7c1f1)

   ```sh
   pm2 --name SOME_NAME start npm -- run serve
   ```

## 🎨 Color Reference

| Color          | Hex                                                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Navy           | ![#0a192f](https://via.placeholder.com/10/0a192f?text=+) `#0a192f` |
| Light Navy     | ![#112240](https://via.placeholder.com/10/0a192f?text=+) `#112240` |
| Lightest Navy  | ![#233554](https://via.placeholder.com/10/303C55?text=+) `#233554` |
| Slate          | ![#8892b0](https://via.placeholder.com/10/8892b0?text=+) `#8892b0` |
| Light Slate    | ![#a8b2d1](https://via.placeholder.com/10/a8b2d1?text=+) `#a8b2d1` |
| Lightest Slate | ![#ccd6f6](https://via.placeholder.com/10/ccd6f6?text=+) `#ccd6f6` |
| White          | ![#e6f1ff](https://via.placeholder.com/10/e6f1ff?text=+) `#e6f1ff` |
| Green          | ![#64ffda](https://via.placeholder.com/10/64ffda?text=+) `#64ffda` |
