content/jobs/Deloitte/index.md, before:

---
date: '2021-12-04'
title: 'Full-Stack Software Engineer'
company: 'Deloitte'
location: 'Orlando, FL'
range: 'August 2020 - Present'
url: 'https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en.html'
---

- Fullstack engineer for NETCCN (DOD). Main technology used is Typescript, React Native, React, Java Springboot, MongoDB, AWS (Codepipeline, Codebuild, CodeDeploy) and Docker. I built and maintain a React Native app that allows military professional to upload patient data in an offline setting and then resync using a middleware REST API I developed to resync with the main MongoDB. I also help develop new features for a Wickr bot which does the same thing as the application except in an offline setting. I built from the ground up all of our pipelines which automatically test, build and deploy all of our repositories.
- Front-End Engineer for Ohio State gov. Built an Ohio.gov website, specifically the admin dashboard section, using React, Form.io, and a web content manager. The website had fully functional CRUD capabilities with a beautiful front-end.
- Long-term contract working for the IRS as a full-stack engineer. Helped develop the TaxPro application using Java Spring Boot for backend, React/Typescript for the front-end and Jest and RTL for testing.
- Blockchain Guild Apprentice: Participate in blockchain initiatives to to learn and develop skills relating to blockchain.
- NFT Hackathon 3rd Placewinner: Placed 3rd out of 33 teams in an NFT based hackathon where I led two other team members to build a identity management system using NFTs. Github repo can be found [here](https://github.com/XavierElon/bit-of-tech)

Commit message:

update projects with XSJ repos

content/jobs/Deloitte/index.md, after:

---
date: '2021-12-04'
title: 'Full-Stack Software Engineer'
company: 'Deloitte'
location: 'Orlando, FL'
range: 'April 2021 - Present'
url: 'https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en.html'
---

- Currently building a File Manager application using Typescript and React. The backend is a microservice written in Python Fast API. Tasked with architecting the front-end adding unit tests and new functionality.
- Currently front-end lead/full-stack software engineer for the Software Factory which is internal at Deloitte. Focused on designing, building and leading the front-end application development and architecture using React, Typescript and NodeJS. Also connected the backend and lead back-end integration using PostgreSQL, Python and Docker. Created several microservices using Python FastAPI. Also developing a login portal using KeyCloak and OAuth.
- Full-stack engineer for NetCCN (DOD) contract. Built and maintain a phone application (React Native, Typescript, MongoDB, Express) for offline use by medical professionals that syncs data infield with a Wickr bot the team created previously. Created a backend middleware API to sync with MongoDB using Java Spring Boot. Helped add features to the Wickr bot using Typescript. Developed from the ground pipelines for all four of our repos to automatically test build and deploy using AWS CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodeCommit, S3 and CodePipeline.
- Front-End Engineer for Ohio for 2 months. Built an Ohio.gov website, specifically the admin dashboard part, using React, Form.io, Javascript and a web content manager. The website had fully functional CRUD capabilities with a user-friendly front-end.
- IRS: Long-term contract working for the IRS as a full-stack engineer. Developing the WebApps application using Java Spring Boot for backend, React/Typescript for the front-end and Jest for testing. Working in a very large team that requires excellent communication alongside code reviews and writing in depth tests for majority code coverage using Jest.
- Developed a docker container that copies a Java Spring Boot RESTful application to the container and allows for development in the container.-Currently front-end lead/full-stack software engineer for the Software Factory which is internal at Deloitte. Focused on designing, building and leading the front-end application development and architecture using React, Typescript and NodeJS. Also connected the backend and lead back-end integration using PostgreSQL, Python and Docker. Created several microservices using Python FastAPI. Also developing a login portal using KeyCloak and OAuth. - Full-stack engineer for NetCCN (DOD) contract. Built and maintain a phone application (React Native, Typescript, MongoDB, Express) for offline use by medical professionals that syncs data infield with a Wickr bot the team created previously. Created a backend middleware API to sync with MongoDB using Java Spring Boot. Helped add features to the Wickr bot using Typescript. Developed from the ground pipelines for all four of our repos to automatically test build and deploy using AWS CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodeCommit, S3 and CodePipeline. - Front-End Engineer for Ohio for 2 months. Built an Ohio.gov website, specifically the admin dashboard part, using React, Form.io, Javascript and a web content manager. The website had fully functional CRUD capabilities with a user-friendly front-end. - IRS: Long-term contract working for the IRS as a full-stack engineer. Developing the WebApps application using Java Spring Boot for backend, React/Typescript for the front-end and Jest for testing. Working in a very large team that requires excellent communication alongside code reviews and writing in depth tests for majority code coverage using Jest. - Developed a docker container that copies a Java Spring Boot RESTful application to the container and allows for development in the container.
