---
date: '2021-12-04'
title: 'Full-Stack Software Engineer'
company: 'Deloitte'
location: 'Orlando, FL'
range: 'April 2021 - Present'
url: 'https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en.html'
---

- Currently building a File Manager application using Typescript and React. The backend is a microservice written in Python Fast API. Tasked with architecting the front-end adding unit tests and new functionality.
- Currently front-end lead/full-stack software engineer for the Software Factory which is internal at Deloitte. Focused on designing, building and leading the front-end application development and architecture using React, Typescript and NodeJS. Also connected the backend and lead back-end integration using PostgreSQL, Python and Docker. Created several microservices using Python FastAPI. Also developing a login portal using KeyCloak and OAuth.
- Full-stack engineer for NetCCN (DOD) contract. Built and maintain a phone application (React Native, Typescript, MongoDB, Express) for offline use by medical professionals that syncs data infield with a Wickr bot the team created previously. Created a backend middleware API to sync with MongoDB using Java Spring Boot. Helped add features to the Wickr bot using Typescript. Developed from the ground pipelines for all four of our repos to automatically test build and deploy using AWS CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodeCommit, S3 and CodePipeline.
- Front-End Engineer for Ohio for 2 months. Built an Ohio.gov website, specifically the admin dashboard part, using React, Form.io, Javascript and a web content manager. The website had fully functional CRUD capabilities with a user-friendly front-end.
- IRS: Long-term contract working for the IRS as a full-stack engineer. Developing the WebApps application using Java Spring Boot for backend, React/Typescript for the front-end and Jest for testing. Working in a very large team that requires excellent communication alongside code reviews and writing in depth tests for majority code coverage using Jest.
- Developed a docker container that copies a Java Spring Boot RESTful application to the container and allows for development in the container.-Currently front-end lead/full-stack software engineer for the Software Factory which is internal at Deloitte. Focused on designing, building and leading the front-end application development and architecture using React, Typescript and NodeJS. Also connected the backend and lead back-end integration using PostgreSQL, Python and Docker. Created several microservices using Python FastAPI. Also developing a login portal using KeyCloak and OAuth. - Full-stack engineer for NetCCN (DOD) contract. Built and maintain a phone application (React Native, Typescript, MongoDB, Express) for offline use by medical professionals that syncs data infield with a Wickr bot the team created previously. Created a backend middleware API to sync with MongoDB using Java Spring Boot. Helped add features to the Wickr bot using Typescript. Developed from the ground pipelines for all four of our repos to automatically test build and deploy using AWS CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodeCommit, S3 and CodePipeline. - Front-End Engineer for Ohio for 2 months. Built an Ohio.gov website, specifically the admin dashboard part, using React, Form.io, Javascript and a web content manager. The website had fully functional CRUD capabilities with a user-friendly front-end. - IRS: Long-term contract working for the IRS as a full-stack engineer. Developing the WebApps application using Java Spring Boot for backend, React/Typescript for the front-end and Jest for testing. Working in a very large team that requires excellent communication alongside code reviews and writing in depth tests for majority code coverage using Jest. - Developed a docker container that copies a Java Spring Boot RESTful application to the container and allows for development in the container.
